update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/profiles-portal-overview.md

# Profiles overview in Bonita User Interfaces

This page explains what a profile is for a user with the profile _Administrator_ in Bonita Portal.  

## Definition

A profile is an indirection to some entities of the organization: users, groups, roles, and/or memberships.
Profiles work as permissions to give access to:
- [Living Applications](applications.md)
- Defined objects and attributes of the BDM (through [BDM Access Control](access-control-api.md))
- [REST API extension permissions](rest-api-authorization.md)
- Navigation (menus) of Bonita Portal

> One organization entity can be mapped to several profiles. In Bonita Portal, a loggued user can switch between his/her profiles in the navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One organization entity can be mapped to several profiles. In Bonita Portal, a logged in user can switch between his/her profiles in the navigation bar.
```

In development, the creation and edition of profiles is done through the [profile editor](profileCreation.md) in Bonita Studio.   
In non-production and production, an Administrator can use the _Organization_>_Profiles_ menu of Bonita Portal.

::: info
Changing the mapping of a profile on a non-production or production Runtime may lead to inconsistencies when updating the project or deploying it on another server.  
It should only be done to recover from an error temporarily. We strongly encourage you to report all changes in the sources profiles files of the project.
:::

## Default profiles 
### User

> By default, they access the User navigation of Bonita Portal. It includes:

Reviewer: "they" seems weird to me here. because we did not mention who it was before
```suggestion
By default, it gives access to the User navigation of Bonita Portal. It includes:
```

  * a [Process list](user-process-list.md)
  * a [Case list](portal-user-case-list.md)
  * a [Task list](user-task-list.md).
This profile is also the only one mapped with Bonita Mobile Portal.  
This profile is also mapped to the [Bonita User Application](user-application-overview.md), bringing the same value but with more customization options.
  
### Administrator

> By default, they access the Administrator navigation of Bonita Portal. It includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, its gives access to the Administrator navigation of Bonita Portal. It includes:
```

  * [Process Management](_process-maintenance.md) and [Analytics](analytics.md)
  * [Organization Management](organization-in-bonita-bpm-portal-overview.md)
  * [Business Data Model Management](bdm-management-in-bonita-bpm-portal.md)
  * [Applications Management](applications.md)
  * [Portal Look & Feel Management](managing-look-feel.md)
  * [License Information](license-info.md) (Enterprise, Performance, Efficiency, and Teamwork editions only)
  This profile is also mapped to the [Bonita Administrator Application](admin-application-overview.md), bringing about the same value but with more customization options.

### Process manager
This profile is available for Subscription editions only.

> An employee mapped to the _Process manager_ profile has limited administration rights for activities related to the processes they manage. It includes:

Reviewer: "employee" seems weird as it can be someone who is a just part of an organization
```suggestion
Someone mapped to the _Process manager_ profile has limited administration rights for activities related to the processes they manage. It includes:
```
